projects/os-window-angular/README.md, before:

# OS window like, component for Angular

## Getting started

Read the wiki on how to [get started](https://github.com/santinobch/os-window-angular/wiki/Getting-Started), i promise it's a light read ;)

## Compiling the library

I have made a custom npm script that compiles the library automatically: 

```npm run compile```

This will delete `./dist`. After that run `ng serve` to start the App Demo/Testing App

## Yes it works :D ! Here are some features:

### Movement

![Movement](https://imgur.com/b82u1rS.gif)

### Bounce

![Bounce](https://imgur.com/U9LVqQa.gif)

### Resize

![Resize](https://imgur.com/uiC5B74.gif)

### Maximize

![Maximize](https://imgur.com/una0RIr.gif)

### Close

![Close](https://imgur.com/LXcAj0B.gif)

### Multiple Windows

![Multiple Windows](https://imgur.com/UYRctFE.gif)

## Roadmap

At the moment, im working on this alone in my free time, using this to build my own portafolio. Also learning in the way how to make, publish and mantain a ***npm*** package.

If i have enough time i will keep this updated periodically. 

If you want to help please contact me directly (@VitoDraws on twitter) or start an **issue** 

 (づ｡◕‿‿◕｡)づ

Things i want to implement:

- At the moment changing for example the theme of a window at runtime will not work, themes can only be applyed at component initialization.
- Zoom fix (At the moment zooming a maximized window will make some weird behavior)
- The Win98 Vaporwave theme needs some love
- Buttons, all of them: Radio, Switches, Checkboxes, etc...
- Text inputs
- Loading bars
- Tool bars
- Tree view

After realease 1.0:

- Add more themes: Win XP, Mac OSX 10.6, Win 3.1, Etc... 
- Eventually some templates (By example a file manager template)

Commit message:

Bumping realease number to 0.2.0 !!
-Fully adding buttons
-Changed the structure of the os-window html
-Height and width of the window is now updated using [style.]=""
-Removed [os-warn-button]
-Removed hexToHsl
-Changed the testing app to have less windows

projects/os-window-angular/README.md, after:

# OS window like, component for Angular

Demo: https://santinobch.github.io/os-window-angular/

## Getting started

Read the wiki on how to [get started](https://github.com/santinobch/os-window-angular/wiki/Getting-Started), i promise it's a light read ;)

## Yes it works :D ! Here are some features:

### Movement

![Movement](https://imgur.com/b82u1rS.gif)

### Bounce

![Bounce](https://imgur.com/U9LVqQa.gif)

### Resize

![Resize](https://imgur.com/uiC5B74.gif)

### Maximize

![Maximize](https://imgur.com/una0RIr.gif)

### Close

![Close](https://imgur.com/LXcAj0B.gif)

### Multiple Windows

![Multiple Windows](https://imgur.com/UYRctFE.gif)

## Roadmap

At the moment, im working on this alone in my free time, using this to build my own portafolio. Also learning in the way how to make, publish and mantain a ***npm*** package.

If i have enough time i will keep this updated periodically. 

If you want to help me, start by reading [Compiling the Library](https://github.com/santinobch/os-window-angular/wiki/Compiling-the-library), and please contact me directly (@VitoDraws on twitter) or start an **issue**.

(づ｡◕‿‿◕｡)づ

Things i want to implement/fix before 1.0:

- At the moment changing for example the theme of a window at runtime will not work, themes can only be applyed at component initialization.
- Zoom fix (At the moment zooming a maximized window will make some weird behavior)
- Resize Z-Index fix (Resizing a window will not change it's z-index value)
- The Win98 Vaporwave theme needs some love
- Buttons, all of them: Radio, Switches, Checkboxes, etc...
- Text inputs
- Loading bars
- Tool bars
- Tree view

After realease 1.0:

- Add more themes: Win XP, Mac OSX 10.6, Win 3.1, Etc... 
- Eventually some templates (By example a file manager template)
